- [singing] MTV.
- Previously on
"RuPaul's Drag Race"...
We are playing the Snatch Game!
[cheers and applause]
- [singing]
Let me the fuck out of here.
- You are very ugly man.
[laughter]
- [hooting]
- What else are you digging for?
- Bones and. you know.
whatever you got.
You know. I can resell it.
- Xunami Muse.
- It was a little hard
to sort of
find what you were going for.
- Morphine.
- It was boring.
And you don't want to be
boring in the Snatch Game.
- Sapphira.
- What I love most is how free
you were to the character.
- Plane Jane.
- You leaned into it.
It was a very smart choice.
- Condragulations.
You're the winner
of this week's challenge.
[applause]
- Morphine.
shantay. you stay.
Xunami Muse. sashay away.
[light dramatic music]
- I'm completely shocked.
I had to lip-synch
against my best friend.
I don't even think
I can read it.
Hold on.
Let me collect myself.
[exhales deeply]
I'm just... I can't
believe she's gone.
"Not me leaving this early.
LMAO.
Love you all. Xunami Muse."
That was honestly one of the
toughest things I've had to do
ever in this competition.
And now I feel like
a part of me is gone.
Oh. I don't want
to wipe this away.
- We love you. Xunami.
I'm feeling pretty emotional.
It's really hard
to have lost Xunami.
We truly lost somebody special.
Her energy is unmatched.
Xunami. I love you.
Like. you are
my sister for life.
- Love you.
- We grow so close so quickly
that seeing someone's dream
come tumbling down
is not only sad
because we love our friend. but
also. it could be anyone next.
So it just gets heavier
and heavier the closer
we all get to the top.
- Congratulations. Plane.
- Yes.
- Oh my god. I forgot.
- How do you feel?
- I don't want to say my win was
overshadowed by this. like.
really shocking elimination.
But ugh. there's
so much emotion right now.
I'm gooped that I won
the frickin' Snatch Game.
- Yes.
- No.
I honestly feel like
Sapphira should have
won Snatch Game hands down.
- How are you feeling. Sapphira?
- I feel good.
And I knew that I would.
[laughter]
It was fun.
I do wish I had won.
I had the first win
of the season.
And I have not won since.
And some of these queens have
two main challenge wins.
The pressure is on.
- I'm looking around.
And it's the top 8.
And every single one
of these eliminations
is going to be a gag.
- Heartbreaking.
This does not feel like
the same game it did last week.
- At this point
in the competition.
splitting hairs. splitting
every microscopic cell. honey.
- There is no more
playing it safe.
You either go full to the wall.
or you're gone.
- I think everyone
at this point knows
everyone is tough competition.
So everyone's wishing for
someone to fail at something.
Even though my Snatch Game
was absolutely horrible.
I need to get myself back
into this competition
and remember my strength
as a drag queen.
- Nymphia. no tea. no shade.
Gooped and gagged that
you weren't in the bottom.
The girls were like...
[gasps]
- Nymphia Wind. you are safe.
- I heard.
- We were all like. what?
- What?
- You know. what's fun is
that you didn't go home.
So it will always
be iconically awful.
and you don't have
to feel bad about it.
- Oh. I wouldn't say that.
[laughter]
- This is top 8.
The stakes are high.
and the pressure is higher.
A lot of these girls
would love to see a big player
knocked out of the competition.
[dramatic music]
- [singing] Rupaul's Drag Race.
[speaking] The winner of
"RuPaul's Drag Race" receives
a one-year supply
of Anastasia Beverly Hills
cosmetics and a gag-worthy
grand prize of $200.000.
served by Cash App. with
extra-special guest judge.
Kaia Gerber.
[singing] Rupaul's Drag Race.
May the best drag queen.
best drag queen win.
[dramatic music]
- Yellow. gorgeous.
It's a new day in the Werk Room.
And at this point. I definitely
feel a little underestimated.
But it's OK. because
yellow is bound to shine.
Who's gonna go next?
[laughter]
- She's becoming
a catty little girl now.
- I don't think there's
anyone nice here.
- Congeniality is going to
be turned into cunt-geniality.
- Yes.
- I think there should be.
like. an award for like...
- Well. we know
who won that one.
- Oh!
- Who's that?
- You.
All: Oh!
[alarm blares]
- Ooh. girl.
- She done already
done had herses.
- Thank you. Mother.
Thank you.
- Hey. ladykins.
All: Hey!
- Are you creepy and draggy
and altogether gaggy?
Well. good goth. girl.
Get a grip.
- Oh!
- I'm scared!
What does that mean?
- Wait.
Is it a scary acting
challenge or something?
- With you in the cast.
it's always scary.
- Oh. fuck you. bitch.
- Hello. hello. hello.
[cheers and applause]
Hi.
- All right.
That's clean and fresh.
- Ladykins.
You know. America's Next
Drag Superstar needs
to always leave them laughing.
And I'm not joking. bitch!
[laughter]
For today's Mini Challenge.
I'm gonna give each of you
a chance to spit...
Take.
[laughter]
Now. the spit take is
a classic comedy gag
made famous by Danny Thomas.
You spit out liquid in response
to something funny you hear.
In the end. the queen that
gets the most giggles wins.
- I don't spit.
[laughs]
- Oh. Spit Crew!
- Ooh!
[laughter]
- No!
- Oh. my goodness.
- All right.
you've got 25 minutes
to get into quick
comedy queen drag.
as if your drag
isn't comedy already.
[all groaning]
Go!
- We're doing comedy makeup?
I'm just gonna to paint
like Plasma.
- Oh. ha. ha. ha. ha. bitch.
[upbeat music]
- All right. Plane Jane.
you're gonna start drinking.
I'll say something.
And then you respond to that.
Has anyone seen my urine sample?
[laughter]
And the winner
of Miss Congeniality is...
Plane Jane.
[laughter]
- My spit take.
I'm not even acting. bitch.
[laughs]
You funny. girl.
You really funny.
- Mhi'ya.
what's the last thing you
want to hear after you've
had sex with Flava Flav?
I'm not really Flava Flav.
[laughter]
Damn.
That was more than a spit take.
That was a whole
everything take.
Plasma. are you thirsty?
- Not after that.
- So Patti LuPone called.
She has two words for you.
Cease and desist.
[laughter]
Welcome the comedy stylings
of Nymphia Wind.
- I'm ready for my second
redemption to make Ru laugh.
considering
the Jane Not-Good-At-All.
- So. Nymphia. good news.
This week. we're redoing
the Snatch Game!
[laughter]
- Oh my god!
- Nymphia's spit
take is real. honey.
She's gooped!
- No.
That's way too real!
[laughter]
- Hope it's tequila.
- Morphine. we got
your IQ test results back.
You're pregnant.
[laughter]
- That's rotted.
- Oh. wait a minute.
That's the same glass
Michelle uses to soak her teeth!
[laughter]
Sapphira. Xunami called.
You are the father.
[laughter]
- Oh my god. there's a tsunami
coming out of my mouth.
[laughs]
The fuck?
- Her father.
[laughter]
- Now that makes more sense.
- My queens. one of you
did not come here to play.
You came here to spray!
The winner of today's
Mini Challenge is...
Nymphia Wind.
- Yes.
[cheers and applause]
- After the Snatch Game.
it feels great to. you know.
make Ru laugh.
- Condragulations.
You've won a cash prize of
$2.500 courtesy of Teammate.
You could buy a lot
of bananas for that.
- Yes!
- Now. ladykins.
I've got a riddle for you.
What's black and white
and sickening all over?
Well. we're about to find out.
You know. goth girls have
been fascinating queens
since the beginning of time.
For this week's Maxi Challenge.
you need to create
from scratch a neo-goth look.
Think Morticia meets Mugler.
Beetlejuice meets Balenciaga.
or Elvira meets Saint-Laurent.
- I just want to pick up
my bags and run out of here.
This is crazy.
Another design challenge?
Look. my jewelry's falling
off because I'm aggravated.
- To show us your spooky take
on goth fashion.
you can only use the black.
white. and gray fabrics
provided here.
plus your own hair.
heels. and undergarments.
- I'm quite excited about
today's Maxi Challenge.
aren't I?
I think that the girls
that don't sew
are caught off guard
a little bit.
The girls are gagged.
The girls are gooped.
And I'm fucking excited.
because that means
I'm just in the top 7. baby.
I don't know.
Like. I'm sorry.
I'm not going home on
a design challenge.
Just point blank. period.
It's not happening.
- Racers. start your engines.
And may the best drag queen win!
[cheers and applause]
[organ music]
[air horn beeps]
- Fuck.
- Bitch. y'all ran fast.
- This week's challenge is
a goth design challenge.
Goth is definitely something
very spooky and creepy.
It's connecting
with your inner death.
- Oh. I like that.
I'm honestly shocked.
A third design challenge?
That hasn't happened
since like. what?
Season three?
I am absolutely living.
I'm about to shit on these hos.
- What are you doing. Miss Q?
I see a lot of black and white.
- I want to do. like.
very dress coat.
like very full body.
almost like a bevel
kind of bottom of it.
So lots of tulle
and some ruffles.
very like Victorian baby doll.
but chic. very fashion.
- Cute.
- Fucking Q and Nymphia are
standing next to each other
like. we got this.
And I'm like...
[groans].
[upbeat music]
- My relationship
to goth is. I don't think
a relationship
that I've ever had.
[laughs]
- Let me guess.
You're doing something
matronly and old Hollywood.
- [laughs]
Don't you wish. bitch?
- This is neo. neo-goth.
It's not. um.
old-school glamour goth.
- Mm.
- Do you feel like
this is within your wheelhouse?
Or do you think that this
is maybe something that's
outside of your comfort zone?
- Uh. I think that I'm a
multi-hyphenated artist
who can do
multiple things. Plane.
- In previous design challenges.
Plasma has really floundered.
She's pigeonholing herself
into this matronly aesthetic.
just the same old.
haggard Plasma aesthetic
that we've come
to know and hate.
Mama. this is the time to
really do something different.
- What are you thinking so far?
- Elvira meets Morticia.
but make her Latina.
even though Morticia
is kind of Latina.
- Right.
- I wanted to do.
like. a ball gown.
extremely over-the-top body
with a giant train.
and so like a wire
and then maybe
like spikes on the shoulders.
I was safe for the last
two design challenges.
So this time around.
I'm gonna turn my pussy up.
because there's less of us.
So there's no room for error.
- How y'all feeling?
- Uh... [laughs]
Y'all should know
how I'm feeling.
I'm happy!
- Happy?
- Hell no.
I mean. I have a vision
for what I want to do.
I want to do a dress...
- Mm-hmm.
- With two different fabrics.
I want to use the patent leather
in the front and then the mesh
in the back to show my shape.
I just have to bring it alive.
- Do you have your measurements?
- No. I'm just gonna use
a dress that I have
and use that as the cutout.
- Same way we did for the thing.
- I didn't do good
in the doll design challenge.
And I had to lip-synch for that.
So I have to show the judges
that I've learned
and I've grown from
the previous sewing challenges.
[upbeat music]
- My knees have never hurt more
in my entire life.
- Sister. I know
that can't be true.
- [laughs]
- Is this the opera
edition again?
- Mm-hmm.
Everything I do is
the opera edition.
- Are you familiar
with "Addams Family" vibes?
- Hmm?
I don't know what goth is.
Oh my god!
My plan is to make
a classic Sapphira silhouette
and just go from there.
Sapphira Cristál
is always grand.
So you're always going
to get something that's
big and poofy and out there.
So this is one of the ideas.
- So like kind of like
a shelfy skirt moment?
- Yeah. like a... kind of like
a big Catherine O'Hara...
No. what is her name?
- Catherine the Great?
- No.
O'Hara.
What's the O'Hara girl?
- Asia?
- No. no. no. no. no.
Scarlett.
Scarlett O'Hara.
- Who's Scarlett O'Hara?
- Who's that O'Hara girl?
Scarlett O'Hara-type gown.
Or this one.
- Yeah.
I just feel like they're
both similar to things
you've already done
in a design challenge.
- True.
- If you feel like
you can execute it
better than the first time
you did it. go for it.
- Yeah.
OK. thank you.
It's very important for me
to do well in this challenge
because last design challenge.
I used my immunity potion.
I have been questioning myself
through every design challenge.
And this time. I am going
to play to my strengths.
- OK.
- You're like.
you girls never listen.
- [laughs]
[upbeat music]
How's it going.
Miss Dawnie Wawnie?
- Oh. Q. hi.
I'm really good.
I'm really excited.
I don't want
to show you my thing.
I love you. but.
girl. I want to win
this damn challenge.
- Yeah. I know you do.
- And I know that you're
my competition for it.
- I know you do.
Nymphia is too.
- Yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah.
- Nymphia's close too.
- You are one of my
competition for it.
- Yeah.
- So...
- All these little
look girls this season.
- Yeah. just a couple.
Just a couple.
- Just a couple of them.
- But which look girl got
the Balenciaga note
on the runway last time?
I want this win.
I really do.
We're on week nine now.
and I haven't won
a challenge yet.
So my plan is to make it Dawn.
make it fashion.
make it interesting.
make it fun.
And maybe I'll like
break Q's knee.
I don't know.
We'll see.
This is a design
based on something
that I've kind of done
in the past.
- I'm gagging.
- And it was like...
And I made this
kind of sculptural
chandelier dress pant moment.
Imagine "Beauty and the Beast."
but in a Gothic cathedral.
and the chandelier
comes to life.
- It looks very ambitious.
We do have a limited
amount of time.
- I know.
- OK. so...
- I work quickly.
I know what I'm doing.
- In that case.
I won't say anything more.
because I want you
to succeed. sister.
- Period. Thank you.
- I am the Miss Congeniality.
- What did you just say?
[upbeat music]
- Why is nobody...
both: [singsongy] Ready?
The hardest part of this
goth design challenge
is honestly looking
around the room
and comparing
my design to the others.
This fabric is so annoying.
- Inspiration. come to me!
- I ignore Nymphia now.
only because every time
I hear her go.
"I don't know what to do."
I just want to. like.
punch her in the face.
- Whose is this?
- Plane's.
- Plane!
- Yeah?
- Wow!
- No.
No. no. no. no. no.
- Yes!
- That's mine.
All of this is mine. mine. mine.
Go. go.
Scurry away. banana.
- Oh my god. Nymphia.
you can't do yellow.
- I feel sad not being
in yellow for this challenge.
but not that sad.
because I look great in black.
Ooh!
I see inspiration.
- Did you just get like Raven
in "That's So Raven"?
You're like... and the
inspiration just hit you?
- Currently. I'm thinking.
I want a veil.
So I am working
with these fake plants
that look like feathers.
And I'm gluing them together
and then making
a little full circle
as a headpiece.
[exaggerated Taiwanese accent]
Ooh. you have glue gun.
I use some glue gun.
- I feel uncomfortable laughing
when you make that voice.
- [laughs]
- And I'm working out
my design as I work.
Do you guys want
to learn Mandarin?
Morphine!
- Yeah?
- I feel like
I have to return the favor.
- What?
- What would you like
to learn in Mandarin?
- "You're the winner
of this week's challenge."
- [speaking in Mandarin]
- Huh?
- Nee-see?
[both speaking in Mandarin]
- Ah!
- That's wild.
- I forgot it.
- Yeah. because you won't
hear it in English either.
- Oh!
[laughter]
- I better be
in the top this week.
- What'd you say?
- I better be
in the top this week!
- What's your idea?
You didn't show me your idea.
- Essentially. I'm doing
a bolero two-piece.
It does look simple.
- You're gonna embellish
the hell out of it?
- I'm gonna fuck it up. yeah.
- OK.
- So... which is why I grabbed
all the satin fabric.
I want to make. like.
strips out of it.
and then hanging
down. down. down.
super fringy. super strappy.
- OK.
- Regardless of what
the case may be.
I will not be looking a fool
on that runway. mama.
because I know what I'm doing.
Now I just have to start
on the detailing work
of tattering things
and really trying to make
this outfit fit the Gothic vibe.
- Miss Plane?
- Yeah?
- How you feeling
with that immunity potion?
- [laughs]
I'm feeling good about it.
- Slay.
That you have it?
- Yeah.
- Are you already...
- No.
- Already asking me for it?
- No. not at all.
- [laughs]
- I'd say that I'm most
worried for Plasma.
I can see that
she's in her head.
And I can see
what she's designing.
And it just
does not feel... good.
Plasma. I have a question.
- Yeah?
- Seeing as this is like
the third
design challenge. right...
- Very astute.
- Are you trying to diversify
what you make?
I feel like now's a good time
for you to diversify.
to kind of stand out
from the other things
that we've already been making.
You've been wanting
to come out of that shtick
that you do. you know?
- Yeah.
Dawn is right.
I've already made this. like.
classic Hollywood silhouette.
- I think it's just making
sure that you're making
smart decisions. you know?
- Yeah.
- I think the smartest
decision is to...
I don't even want to say it.
- What?
Nymphia. say it.
- I was gonna say.
like. beg for immunity.
- Well. let me
noodle a little bit.
My brain is running
off the tracks
trying to come up with an
idea that will be innovative
and new and fresh.
What's something
Plasma doesn't do?
She doesn't do.
like. contemporary.
like Paris Hilton.
sort of like Bratz doll shit.
So I'm like. OK.
how do I make that goth?
What if I did like
a tattered. shaggy coat.
like shreds. all attached
to like an open-arm jacket.
and then maybe still
the high-cut leo.
and then maybe like some
really low-cut pants?
- Ooh.
- I also never wear no pads.
So I could go no pads
and show my skin.
- Oh.
- You hate that.
- I don't love that part.
But I like the rest of it.
- Great. OK.
I feel like I'm going in
a direction that suits me.
I'm doing something
that feels new and bold.
- Did you see that Plasma
is doing something
kind of similar to you?
[sewing machine whirring]
She's doing like a shreds thing.
- Hey. Plazzy-doo?
- Hmm?
- Q told me that you're doing
something similar to me.
- OK.
I mean. I haven't seen yours.
so I have no idea
if that's true.
- What's the design changed to?
- Well. can I see yours?
- No.
- I haven't seen
your highly protected
government documents.
But I don't know
what you're even doing.
[exhales]
- It's just.
the last design challenge.
when we used similar fabric.
and they said.
you know. this bitch
standing next to you
did all that. and you did this.
- Yeah. I was there.
- You know. it's always
a possibility. babe.
- A lovely incendiary comment
from Plane Jane.
How unexpected.
You know what?
Gaslight. gatekeep. girlboss.
Get out of my station.
- If our shit does look similar
in any way. shape. or form.
she's gonna be the one
getting the brunt end of it.
- Ooh!
Mama!
- Battle of the shreds.
- Shreddy Krueger. honey.
- Shreddy Krueger!
Shut the fuck up.
- Girl.
[upbeat music]
- Who else loves these sleepless
design-slash-sewing nights?
- [laughs]
- This week's challenge is
to create a neo-goth look.
In the last design challenge.
I was in the top.
So the judges have
high expectations.
[sewing machine whirring]
- Sister. you're sewing.
sewing. sewing.
- Who?
- You.
- Yeah.
Baby. I'm not playing games.
- I'm working so hard.
because. unfortunately.
I was in the bottom last week.
And honestly. I cannot just
walk out there in a simple gown.
You need to add sparkle
to the shit. mama.
It's a lot. Mary.
I miss Xunami gluing
stuff on a corset.
- Me too.
- Can't be slacking
at this point
in the competition. mama.
- If I get two. what am I?
- Um. bad at Snatch Game?
- Shut up.
- Nymphia. what's your design?
- I actually still don't know.
- You don't?
- I just know what
headpiece I'm doing.
and I'm gonna build from that.
- I see that. It looks cool.
- I mean. I did some drawings.
but I don't like any of them.
So I've been working at
my headpiece all afternoon.
and I still don't know
what my dress is going
to look like.
which is stressful.
- Are you feeling inspired
by these fabrics?
- No.
- Oh. good.
- They're not yellow.
- What is this headpiece
that you're making?
Are you gonna put
a candle in that?
- No. it's just a circle.
- Oh!
It's giving Christmas realness.
- [gasps]
- Miss Atelier.
Miss Atelier. ring-ring.
RuPaul's calling.
Are you ready?
- Well. have fun with
your black fabric. baby.
- Shut up.
[upbeat music]
- OK. wait.
I actually realized
that this is gonna be
a lot of work.
As I begin the detailing
work on this garment.
I really thought
that I wasn't going
to take as long
on this design challenge
as the previous ones.
No. no. honey.
I realized very quickly
that this is going
to take me years!
I'm in the thick of it.
I have these pliers.
and I'm trying
to rip these chains apart.
And I'm getting pissed off.
[spluttering]
My fingers are. like. cold.
- I think you're dying. sister.
- My hands are hurting.
But we have no time
to spare. honey.
It's time to make it work
and make it fierce.
There we go.
What the... fuck!
[exhales deeply]
- At this point.
my concept is so different
from what I typically would do.
And it's so
out of my comfort zone.
And I'm starting to panic.
I don't want to be
in the bottom.
- There's only eight of us.
so I don't know
how that's going to. like.
work this week. you know?
- Yeah.
- But definitely.
staying out of the bottom
would be a good idea.
- Thanks. Wow.
- These girls have gotten
in Plasma's head.
She's spinning again.
I see that she is not
in a good place.
Give me a hug.
I can hear in your voice
that you are not pleased.
You don't have time for that.
- I know.
- OK?
I'm actually concerned for you
and not because I'm worried
about what you're gonna present.
because you always present
something that's nice.
But I'm concerned
for your insides.
I'm not hearing the joy
of Plasma right now.
That annoying girl?
I need her to be here.
- [laughs]
- Whatever is happening in
your head right now. leave it.
You have two wins.
Keep that momentum going
in your brain.
in your spirit.
Get into it.
Get up.
Come on.
Yeah. you see?
- Yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah.
- Feels good.
- Yeah.
- Now. take this energy and
put it in the sewing machine.
- All right. all right.
- All right. I love you.
- I love you.
After my conversation
with Sapphira.
I just feel like
I've made it this far.
I've already made it
through two design challenges.
OK. I can go.
I can do it.
I don't want
to Jinkx Monsoon myself. but...
this might be sickening.
That would be a gag.
- Making my design is
a little troubling.
because I've never made
a dress before.
- Oh.
Um...
So what are you doing
on the bottom?
- Because the bottom is cut...
It's cut to the side.
And it flares around.
But I just want
a regular mermaid bottom.
- My poor baby. Mhi'ya.
She is looking at me like.
I'm packing my bags now.
She has an idea.
She just needs help
in the execution of it.
So I figured I'd help her.
I like Mhi'ya.
She's a sweetheart.
So I want her to be
here a little longer.
- What is your size?
Because maybe we can use this.
- Well. I can take it in.
- [laughs]
You hear this bitch
just call me fat?
She said. I might have
to make mine smaller.
I mean. I guess
I can take it in.
Maybe we could take it up.
Just use this.
And we'll cut it big.
Mhi'ya's idea is pretty simple.
I could probably make
Mhi'ya's outfit in two hours.
So I am going to help her
figure out how to do it.
Go get your tape measure.
We gonna measure from
your shoulders to your knees.
You putting on titties or what?
- So Sapphira is being
a good sister
that I thought she would be.
- 37.
So shoulder...
- She's gonna cut out
the beginning of the dress.
And I'm gonna do
everything else on my own.
- I'm just gonna cut it here.
- Honestly. this is
seeming like déjà-Ru.
because in the previous
design challenge.
Mhi'ya also got help
from Mother Sapphira.
I bet Mhi'ya sure is happy
that Sapphira's still here
with us so that she can
construct her garment for her.
I hate when people
help each other here.
At this point
in the competition.
I feel like it's time
to stop helping. honey.
- I think the other girls
are probably thinking.
oh. Sapphira is stupid
for helping Mhi'ya.
But I say. fuck you. bitches!
- We're gonna do
two full circles.
So you'll have
a full circle skirt.
But you'll have
the first circle in the front
and the second circle
in the back.
So it'll be really.
really full. OK?
- As helpless as I feel
with sewing.
I'm doing all my own stitching
and all my own designing
and all my own building.
Sapphira and Mhi'ya
are holding a conference
over Mhi'ya's look.
- What we're gonna do is add
a little something-something
underneath.
23. 23. and 23.
OK?
Do you want to do that. or
do you want me to eyeball it?
- Do what?
- Sew.
- Ask for more help. you know?
Distract Sapphira.
- Before you sew this.
just call me over
so I make sure
you put it on right.
- All right.
- If I didn't feel so secure
in this challenge.
and I saw someone else
getting a ton of help.
I'd be like. no. no. no. no. no.
because if you help her.
then I'm in the bottom.
Especially with
so few of us left.
I think it could
change the tides
in a problematic way for others.
[upbeat music]
- [singing]
It's competition day.
Da. da. da. da. da.
da. da. hiya!
- It's Elimination Day.
and another queen's going home.
- This week's Maxi Challenge
was to create
a goth fashion-inspired
runway look.
- The ookity-spookity.
the dark and kooky.
I am feeling pretty good
about my standing
in this competition.
but I don't like
that other girls have
more wins than me.
I feel ready to join
the two-winners' club.
- Did everyone
finish their things?
- Mama. barely.
- I barely slept
last night. honey.
- Who slept last night?
How dare you sleep?
- Slept like a baby.
- How dare you sleep?
- How long did you sleep?
- Soon as I got in the room.
I'm feeling good because
I did a full dress.
And I feel like it's clean.
- Mhi'ya saying that she got
a lot of sleep makes sense
to me. considering Sapphira.
you know. took care of her look.
- Do you know the song?
- I know it.
but I don't need to know it.
- Oh.
- I hope you know it.
You gonna be able to move?
- I don't need an outfit
to perform. OK?
I can perform in anything.
- That's right.
- Well. from that
last lip sync...
Let's leave that alone.
- Mhi'ya's feeling her oats
because somebody else
did it for her.
- [singing] Competition day.
- How you feeling?
- [singing]
I'm feeling like I'm fire.
- You're feeling
like you're on fire?
- Yep.
[upbeat music]
- [singing]
It's competition day.
and the tensions are a-higher.
- Every single time
someone sings something
from the Rusical now.
I'm just reminded
of the days
of the performance challenges.
And I get wistful.
I feel like I accomplished
something that I didn't think
I was capable of.
a look from scratch
that referenced goth
and contemporary couture.
So today is gonna
be interesting.
I feel like I'm doing something
that I've never done before.
We're doing something that's
very off-brand for Plazzy.
which I think...
- Is good.
Working next to Plasma
and knowing
how in her head about
this challenge she was.
I really think that
her outfit is cute and chic.
And I'm proud of her.
- Did you make every bow?
- Yes. yeah.
- This is...
- I literally only put that
there because the zipper.
like. snapped.
- Oh.
- It looks like
a design choice. though.
- Why don't you put
a rose there or something?
- Eh. it's OK.
I definitely don't need no
design advice from Sapphira.
Go make another gown.
- Do you think
you're in competition
for the win this week. sister?
- I don't know.
I just don't see goth in Q's.
But it's a lovely.
beautiful look.
- [laughs]
- In this challenge.
I think my only competition
is Miss Q over there.
But I think I have
a good chance.
[upbeat music]
- I think I need
to do something. like.
fiercely snatched today.
- Honestly. you give me. like.
someone who would have had
some sort of a goth phase.
But you said. no. you didn't?
- No.
High school. I was
very. very straight edge.
Did anybody date in high school?
- I had a girlfriend.
- You had a girlfriend?
- Yeah.
- I had like three girlfriends
at the same time.
- Really?
- Girl. in middle school.
I guess that's when I started
realizing I was a little queer.
- Yeah.
- So I thought.
by dating multiple girls
at the same time
and being a little player
was gonna not let people know
that I'm queer. you know?
- Yeah.
Did anybody else. like.
not date in high school?
- Like not allowed to?
- There was no one in my area
who was queer or out.
- Wow.
- I grew up in rural. rural.
evil northeast Texas.
Growing up. I was afraid
of trying to see someone
and being seen
as a queer person.
When I realized I was queer.
I was living in a place
where MAGA flags
and Confederate flags
are still being flown...
On front porches.
like. not in secret at all.
And I just never felt safe.
- I don't know.
I still really haven't. like.
dated anyone seriously
in my life.
- Really?
- Yeah.
- Wow.
- Oh my god.
- Yeah.
- Is it. like. a choice?
Or is it because you just
haven't had time?
Or like. what...
- I mean. I don't feel
super desirable all the time.
- Oh. girl. you have
such an amazing personality.
and you're attractive.
- You're adorable.
- I used to feel
like that a lot.
only because. you know.
like. I'm nonbinary.
And like. in Miami. it's full
of. like. masc for masc men.
Girl. you know.
- Or masc for woman.
- Yeah. masc for woman.
And they don't want anything
in between. you know?
Even though dating. for me.
has been a little bit
of a struggle.
I have been the happiest
I've ever been ever since I
kind of came out as nonbinary.
I don't change myself
for any man. any boy.
I've always just been this way.
And I'm really. really proud
of who I am.
[upbeat music]
- We made it through. guys.
We made it through.
- We're the top 8.
Can y'all make some noise
for that?
- Whoo!
[singing]
Are we ready for the runway?
- She didn't have that energy
for the Snatch Game.
- Ooh!
[upbeat music]
[Rupaul's "Cover Girl"]
- [laughs]
[singing] Cover girl.
put the bass in your walk.
Head to toe.
let your whole body talk.
[applause]
And what?
- Oh yeah. baby.
- Welcome to the main stage
of "RuPaul's Drag Race."
Michelle Visage.
were you ever a goth girl?
- You know what they say.
Once you go black...
- [laughs]
Style superstar Carson Kressley.
Carson. have you ever
dabbled in the macabre?
- Oh. not with this manicure.
- [laughs]
- I don't want to ruin my nails.
- And the fabulous
Kaia Gerber is here.
Welcome to our show!
- Oh my goth. Ru.
I am so excited to be here!
- [laughs]
We're excited to have you.
This week. we challenged
our queens to go back to black
and create neo-goth looks.
And tonight on the runway.
category is
See You Next Wednesday.
[laughs]
Racers. start your engines.
And may the best drag queen win.
[organ music]
Category is
See You Next Wednesday.
Up first. Plane Jane.
[sultry music]
This bitch is shredded.
- Got a strap-on.
Several. actually.
- How much for just one ribbon?
- This is the side of me that
is a little bit more hardcore.
It's very fashion.
It's a little Gaultier.
It's a little Chanel.
It's a little Versace.
I've just done an insane
amount of detailing
with chains and hardware
and tattered ribbons cascading
and trailing behind me.
It's giving a little dominatrix.
But it's also goth
and rock and roll and fierce.
- Punk's not dead.
- But her feet are.
- See you at the vault.
- Mhi'ya.
- Everyone's raven about this.
- You know.
I love a good rubber.
- Rubber?
I don't even know her.
- I'm feeling good.
I'm looking good.
It's spiders crawling up
on the side of me.
I got crow one and crow two
on my shoulders.
They're whispering
in my ear saying.
walk the runway. bitch.
I'm giving you long
40 inches like Morticia.
It's goth.
And when I turn to the back.
I'm giving you nude illusion.
It's giving strip club.
- A little birdie told her
what to wear.
- Yes.
- If you like it.
then you should have put
a bedazzled baby skull on it.
- [laughs]
Dawn.
It's the Dawn of the Dead.
- Hey. kitty ghoul.
- The elf ears are back. baby.
Tonight is Gothic Dawn...
Brooding. sexy. dark.
A chandelier came to life.
She's gorgeous. she's elegant.
and she has a few screws loose.
A little bit of
a departure from my makeup
in a glamorous way that
I'm quite enjoying.
I am a vintage
Gothic fashion dream.
The fantasy's here.
- Hoop! There it is.
- I own 51% of
this funeral home.
- [laughs]
Morphine.
- I think someone spiked this.
- My look is
a velvet mermaid gown
with a faux leather
mermaid tail.
The judges have been
loving my mug.
So I wanted to go
pale and ghostly.
And I'm giving
very Morticia Addams
mixed with a little bit
of Elvira
mixed with a touch
of Latina goddess.
That's goth. you know?
I really put all of my blood.
sweat. and white tears
into this damn garment.
and I am feeling deadly.
- This is Whore-ticia Addams.
- She's dressed
for dinner at 6...
Feet under.
Plasma.
- Ain't nothing
but a houndstooth.
- Yes!
- I goth you. babe.
- Ha!
- This is the goth
that I would want to do.
It's very 2000s does '70s.
with the shag coat
and with the double belt
and the low-waisted pants.
I didn't bring any black hair
that's not a 1950s pageboy.
So I'm wearing Plane Jane's
hair from the Cher runway.
And I'm like. you know what?
[as Cher]
Cher's back. stupid!
[normally]
It may not feel entirely goth.
but it feels cool.
- She's into gypsies.
tramps. and corpses.
- [as Cher]
You know what she said?
- What?
- Take me home!
- [laughs]
Sapphira.
Child. it's break time
at the haunted mansion.
- [laughs]
Let me tell you something.
Linda.
[laughter]
- This is goth
the Sapphira Cristál way.
I'm gonna do
what I know how to do.
which is be fierce and sell it.
My gown is gorgeous.
Baby. I am giving you
beautiful webbed sequin fabric.
And. mama. this face is
always beat for the gods.
I'm the only Black widow
up in here.
and I got another wedding.
so here we go again.
Who's next?
- Yeah. yeah.
Where's Jack Skellington
when you need him?
- She's got charisma.
uniqueness.
and one last damn nerve.
[laughter]
They call the wind Nymphia.
- This ain't my first funeral.
- No.
- This is gonna take a while.
- I am the dark lady
of the night.
and I'm going to seduce you.
I'm floating across the runway
with my spider nest on my head
and a mysterious veil to conceal
this absolutely gorgeous.
stunning face.
You know. corseted as always.
giving you drapey skirt.
No one in this competition
can drape like I do.
- I hear she got it
on the dark web.
[laughter]
- I heard she's a real witch.
- A total witch.
Q.
- Serving the face crack
of the century...
Actually cracked.
- The main showstopper piece
of this outfit
is a dress coat. all made
in one piece. which is insane.
I was going for like
a Victorian. Edwardian
kind of doll silhouette.
so like puffed sleeves
and the bows
and the ruffle detailing.
The immaculate craftsmanship
of this garment is incredible.
It is grand.
It is big.
And I am living
in all this Gothic glory.
And they are just taking me in.
- I think they call
this bow-ho chic.
- Oh. bow. you better do!
[laughter]
- Welcome. queens.
I've made some decisions.
But first. Plane Jane.
do you wish to use
your immunity potion this week?
[dramatic music]
- Mama. this immunity potion
has not gone sour yet.
So I'm gonna hold off
for one more week.
- Very well.
Ladies. this week.
you are all being critiqued.
No one may leave the stage.
We have locked the doors.
- Tight.
- All right. now it's time
for the judges' critiques.
Up first. Plane Jane.
- I think this is beautiful.
I love the silhouette.
I love the waistline.
I think the details are right.
It had great movement
on the runway.
The woven satin ribbons
with the chains.
that's a very Chanel kind of
goes to the dominatrix vibe.
[laughter]
- And what I love is.
you sold the character.
And I really like it.
- Thank you.
- It's not my favorite.
I'm used to a different
caliber from you.
What I really like is
the hair and the makeup.
Everything else.
for me. is cute.
but not on your same level.
- What's your favorite
part of it?
- I kind of love how different
this is for me.
And I love how I feel in this.
I feel so badass.
- All right. thank you.
- Thank you so. so much.
- Up next. Mhi'ya Iman Le'Paige.
- Let's talk about this look.
It's like. um... can you just
turn around for one second?
It's like party in the front.
funeral in the back.
And I like that.
- What is going up those...
Are those little spiders?
- Yes.
- I love that.
- Something's not
adding up though.
because for me.
I remember asking you
in the first sewing challenge
if you sew.
You said no.
So how did you make
a whole dress like that
with a mermaid bottom.
and you don't sew?
- I had some help from Sapphira.
- Did you go over to her
and say. girl...
- Can you make this for me?
[laughter]
- I did walk over to her.
And I said. oh. fuck.
another sewing challenge.
- When you say "some help."
what did she do?
- She did the skirt part.
I did basically the rest.
She helped me
with the cutouts too.
And I sewed everything.
- OK.
- Mhi'ya's like.
well. I made my own dress.
And I'm like. well. you didn't.
So that's fun.
- I think the one thing
about this shape for you
is it covers you up again.
I know I've given you
this note before.
- Yeah.
You know. a deeper.
sharp V neckline
will elongate you.
- Because you want to play
with your proportions.
because you are diminutive.
And closing that neck off...
Never really a good idea
for someone who is your size.
Up next. it's Dawn of the Dead.
- I think you did a brilliant
job at this challenge.
You stayed true to who Dawn is.
And it is executed beautifully.
- You came out here.
and I felt like
I knew exactly who you were.
I think this is stunning.
I wrote down McQueen. because
that's what it reminded me of.
Every detail. even down to
the little elf ears. I love it.
- I think this really highlights
a quirky Victorian elegance.
The actual construction details
are phenomenal.
A mid-body hoop skirt
that's a drop waist...
Like. I don't know
how you did the engineering.
but they need you at NASA.
- [laughs]
- I happen to have
an engineering degree.
- You what?
- I knew it.
- Like. it's not just sewing
and garment creation to me.
It's like...
- Aerodynamically...
- Literally.
Fluid dynamics. mama.
- Sure.
- Absolutely.
- How did you construct
that hoop thing
to hang at that point?
Where is it connected?
- It's held up by fishing line.
- Oh. wow.
Well. Dawn. Dawn. Dawn.
It's not your grandmother's
dishwashing liquid. is it?
- Hell no.
- No. no. no.
- Thank you.
- Up next. she's addictive.
Morphine.
- I want to start
with how beautiful
your makeup is.
and the alabaster foundation.
And I love everything about it.
So you look beautiful.
- Thank you.
- And the dress... listen.
you did a good job.
It's just. for me. a bit basic.
I just want to be blown away.
and I wasn't.
- I have to say.
sometimes the simplest things
are the hardest. because you
can see every little detail.
And I can tell how much work
went into this.
And I think it fits you
so beautifully.
- That's how you do
that mermaid hemline.
That is like the
perfect spot for it
and the perfect proportion.
- I've never done
a mermaid skirt like this.
So I just had to get in gears
and just figure it out.
- Is that a faux leather
on the bottom?
- Yeah. Don't look too close.
I put a little hot glue.
but you know.
- [laughs]
- I tried
to figure it out somehow.
- Well. thank you very much.
- Thank you.
- Up next. Plasma.
- I like this.
I love that you're
wearing two belts.
I think everyone
should wear two belts.
- [laughs]
- I just love that.
- Plasma. this one
was a letdown for me.
I was trying to.
in my head. going.
all right.
what's this point of view?
The '70s vibe. the platforms.
the traditional Plasma face.
And any time we see
parted hair down the middle.
it's Cher for us.
It just was confusing.
- Yeah. there's so many
mixed messages here.
It just does not read as goth.
Walk me through your thinking.
- My first thought was to do
a floor-length trumpet gown.
Can you imagine?
And I was talking with Dawn.
And I got what I interpreted
as really helpful advice.
which was. this is what
I would expect Plasma to make.
And so I was thinking.
I'm just gonna go
in a brand-new direction.
- Did anyone help you with it?
- Other than Dawn's...
- Sabotage?
- Yeah. other than Dawn's
dagger in my back... ah...
Then no. I did all this myself.
[laughter]
- All right. y'all.
Break time is over
at the haunted mansion.
Sapphira.
- This is beautiful.
The hem is finished.
The sleeves are gorgeous.
You never let us down when
it comes to knowing your body.
- The construction. incredible.
There's even a funny. like.
bustle in the back.
Those details are beyond.
They're hard to engineer.
- I love the fact that
you used this fabric.
which is very unique.
very cracked mirror.
And it's just off-kilter.
which really sold
the goth storyline.
- Not only do
you look beautiful.
but you made us laugh so hard.
You committed to your
character the whole time.
- Yeah. you sold the garment.
You were very bothered.
You were dead on your feet.
- No wonder you were
so bothered.
You made two garments.
[laughter]
- It was a really
funny presentation.
And I think it took it
over the top.
- Thank you.
- Up next. the Nymphia Wind
beneath my wings.
- You came out.
and it was a production
of the most beautiful caliber.
- I love this.
I think you could walk down
a couture runway today.
This looks like
Vivienne Westwood bridal.
And I kind of want to wear it.
- You are such a genius
with different textures.
I mean. the ostrich feathers.
and the sparkle in that lace.
and the draping.
You're a superstar
when it comes to fashion.
- It's perfectly styled.
beautiful silhouette.
I love the fabrics.
It's just fantastic.
You've come a long way
from yellow.
- I have.
- Now. did you go
to fashion school?
- Yes. I did.
- Where?
- I went to the UK
to study Fashion Atelier.
- Well. it shows.
Beautiful.
- Thank you.
- Up next. it's Q.
- I wish I could say
I loved this.
but that's not even enough.
It's more than that.
It's everything.
You went with a light base.
and then you added black roses.
And it creates
this beautiful haute couture
scary clown look.
- It's punk rock meets goth
with fashion fully taking over.
- You look like
a beautiful nightmare.
And I'm so beyond impressed.
10 out of 10.
absolutely stunning.
- Thank you.
- From the silhouette
down to the texture.
to the construction.
it is exquisite.
And then the lining.
Oh my gosh.
Wow!
Just beautiful.
- I don't know.
I'm just honestly
kind of surprised myself
with this one.
Every single detail is.
like. hand cut out.
Just very. very proud
of this piece.
- Well. thank you.
- Thank you so much.
- Thank you. queens.
I think we've heard enough.
While you untuck
in the Lush Lounge.
the judges and I
will deliberate.
OK. just between us girlfriends.
what do you think?
Plane Jane.
- She has been a frontrunner
from the beginning.
working really hard
to stay there.
But it wasn't up
to the caliber that I expect.
So for me. it was like. OK.
- I would love to have seen
some huge shoulder pads.
you know?
But listen.
it was still fantastic.
Mhi'ya.
- Well. not Mhi'ya
favorite tonight.
- Almost everyone
felt like they had
a very distinct point of view.
I didn't really get that
from Mhi'ya.
- I don't think
she really understood
the story she was telling.
And I think that happens
when someone helps you do
the project.
- Dawn.
- All of it was so cool.
so beautiful. and so drag.
- I think Dawn really
understands her brand.
And she brings it every time.
She really understood
the Goth assignment.
And I thought this was one
of the best looks of the night.
- Morphine.
- Morphine was
a little sedate for me.
And...
- I get that.
- Thank you.
I'm here every Tuesday.
Try the burger.
- Not the worst.
certainly not the best.
But she did look purty.
- Plasma.
- I have a soft place
in my heart for Plasma.
I fell in love with her tonight.
- But I don't even know
what her point of view was.
I don't get it. You
can't just give yourself
a blue-black lip
and say. I'm goth.
- [laughs]
- You gotta try!
- But she owned it.
And I think that I have
respect for that.
- Yeah. you gotta respect the
way she walked out on stage.
She's just like. bitches.
I'm letting you have it.
- Yes!
- Let's talk about Sapphira.
- We all know what Sapphira
can do at this point.
She came out. like she always
does. telling a story.
- I just was laughing
and having so much fun.
And that's what you want
when you're watching drag.
- It wasn't
the most over-the-top.
but it was really well done.
- She gave us goth.
but in her way.
- Nymphia.
- Nymphia knows
how to turn a look.
She's been doing it
since day one.
My only complaint was that
we couldn't see her face.
- I don't know. I've walked
a Mark Jacobs runway or two
where you could not see my face.
And it doesn't matter because
the clothes are so good.
So I really appreciated
this look.
I mean. I just could see this
on the runway tomorrow.
- Q.
- She didn't understand
the assignment.
She redefined the assignment.
- So brilliant.
It was couture.
- And now there's
a worldwide taffeta shortage.
- [laughs]
- Thank you very much. Q.
- That's gonna go down
in the history books.
that outfit right there.
- Oh. yeah.
- Silence!
I've made my decision.
Bring back my girls.
Welcome back. queens.
I've made some decisions.
[dramatic music]
Q. tonight. the ghost
of fashion past.
present. and future salutes you.
Condragulations.
you are the winner
of this week's challenge.
[applause]
- Thank you.
Thank you so much.
- You've won a cash prize
of $5.000.
presented by got2b Color Remix.
You may step to the back
of the stage.
- Thank you.
I'm so thrilled.
If I didn't get this win.
I was gonna be cracked.
Second time.
second design challenge win.
I should have honestly
gotten all three
design challenge wins.
[laughs]
- Plane Jane.
Dawn.
Sapphira.
Nymphia.
you are all safe.
You may step to the back
of the stage.
- Thank you.
- Mhi'ya Iman Le'Paige.
you're a beautiful bird.
but your goth look
didn't take flight.
Morphine.
your makeup was unspookable.
but your Morticia look
wasn't Cousin It.
Plasma. we loved
your runway presentation.
but your goth look
made us shrug.
Morphine...
you are safe.
- Ooh.
Thank you.
- You may join the other girls.
Mhi'ya.
Plasma.
I'm sorry. my dears.
but you are up for elimination.
- It's my third time
lip-synching.
And I know I have to do more.
I have to bring more
to the table.
So if I have to be the lip-sync
assassin of this season.
give me my mask. and let's go.
- Two queens stand before me.
Ladies. this is your
last chance to impress me
and save yourself
from elimination.
[dramatic music]
The time has come for you
to lip-synch
for your life.
- This is my first time
in the bottom two.
After two wins. I've proven
why I should still be here.
I'm a performer.
so I'm not scared of Mhi'ya.
I'm not scared of anything.
- Good luck.
and don't fuck it up.
[Lady Gaga's "Bloody Mary"]
- [singing] Love is just
a history that they may prove.
And when you're gone.
I'll tell them
my religion's you.
When Punktious comes to kill
the king upon his throne.
I'm ready for their stones.
I'll dance. dance dance
with my hands. hands. hands
above my head. head. head
like Jesus said.
- That bitch got petals.
She is giving us
a Sasha Velour moment!
- [singing] Hands above my head.
Hands together.
forgive him before he's dead
- I've never seen a wig reveal
into a beanie before.
That's a new one on
"RuPaul's Drag Race." honey.
- [singing]
Because I won't cry for you.
I won't crucify
the things you do.
- Not in a gown. bitch!
- [singing] I won't cry for you.
See. when you're gone.
I'll still be Bloody Mary.
[vocalizing] Love.
- Pick it up.
Pick it up.
- [screams] Yeah!
Gaga.
- [screams]
- Gaga.
Gaga.
[distorted] Gaga.
[singing] Dum-dum. da-di-da.
Dum-dum da-di-da dadda-da-di-da.
- [screams]
- [singing] Dum-dum da-di-da.
- Mama. Plasma looks
frazzled and frantic
during this lip sync.
- Whoa!
- [laughing]
- [singing] Dum-dum da-di-da.
I won't cry for you.
I won't crucify the things
you do. do. do.
I won't cry for you.
See. when you're gone.
I'll still be Bloody Mary.
Oh-oh-oh-oh.
Líberate. mi amor.
- [laughs]
[cheers and applause]
- Wow.
- Ladies. I've made my decision.
Mhi'ya. shantay. you stay.
You may join the other girls.
- Congrats. baby.
- Plasma. my queen.
thank you for giving this
season an infusion of life.
Now. sashay away.
- Thank you so much. mama.
Mwah. mwah. mwah. mwah.
Thank you so much.
[applause]
- We love you. Plasma.
- We love you.
- I'm so glad we had
this time together
just to laugh and sing a song.
Seems we just get started.
and before you know it.
comes the time we have to say.
so long.
- Love you!
- Oh. finally.
some goddamn peace and quiet.
[laughs]
Right now. I feel a little bit
like my emotional hard drive
is a little backed up
in terms of what just happened.
It would have meant
the entire world
to be in the top 4. to win.
So I'm frustrated that after
the track record that I set.
it's over.
I have nothing but pride
in what I've accomplished
in such a short amount of time.
The things that I'm
taking away with me
from "Drag Race"...
This is Plane Jane's wig.
so I intend to take this.
Although there are
some other people
I would have liked
to see in the bottom.
I'm feeling really.
really grateful.
[inhales and exhales]
I don't need that lipstick.
- Condragulations. queens.
And remember.
if you cannot love yourself.
how in the hell are you gonna
love somebody else?
Can I get an amen up in here?
All: Amen!
- All right.
Now. let the music play.
[singing] A little bit of love
goes a long. long way.
lifting you up
to a brighter day.
Can you feel the love?
[speaking] Next time
on "RuPaul's Drag Race"...
You've got to let
your voice be heard
in the anthem "Power."
- [singing] I got the power.
and I know how to use it.
- I was blown away.
- You seemed nervous.
- If my name was called today
to lip-synch.
I would have gotten a scissor
and cut my dress.
because I was not gonna
let that bitch send me home.
All: Ohh!
- Ooh!
Wow!
- [singing] A little bit of love
goes a long. long way.
lifting you up
to a brighter day.
A little bit of love
goes a long. long way.
Turn it around
when you up and say...
Everybody say love.
Love. love. love. oh-oh-oh.
Love. love. love.
oh-oh. oh-oh-oh-oh.
Love. can you feel the love?
>>>>oakislandtk
www.opensubtitles.org